[ProfileCopyTrading] Update description and config (#1696)
Drakkar-Software/OctoBot-Tentacles: Trading/Mode/profile_copy_trading_mode/resources/ProfileCopyTradingMode.md

### How to Get Started

1. **Configure your exchange**: Add and configure your exchange (e.g., Polymarket) in your OctoBot profile. Make sure your exchange credentials are properly set up.

2. **Find exchange profile IDs**: You need to identify the profile IDs you want to copy. For Polymarket, these are typically found in the profile URL or leaderboard. For example, a Polymarket profile URL might be `https://polymarket.com/profile/0x1234...`, where `0x1234...` is the profile ID.

3. **Configure portfolio allocation**: Set how much of your portfolio should be allocated to copying each profile. Ensure the total allocation doesn't exceed 100% of your portfolio.

4. **Start trading**: Once configured, OctoBot will start monitoring the selected profiles and automatically adjust your portfolio to match their positions.

### Configuration Parameters

#### Exchange Profile IDs (`exchange_profile_ids`)

A list of exchange profile identifiers to copy. Each profile ID should be a valid identifier on the target exchange.

**Example**: To copy two Polymarket profiles, you would enter:
- `0x1234567890abcdef1234567890abcdef12345678`
- `0xabcdefabcdefabcdefabcdefabcdefabcdefabcd`

> You can copy multiple profiles simultaneously. The portfolio allocation will be split among all profiles according to `per_exchange_profile_portfolio_ratio`. Profile IDs are exchange-specific (e.g., Polymarket uses Ethereum addresses).

Reviewer: "per_exchange_profile_portfolio_ratio" will likely not be visible as this in the UI, I think best would be to add a name to this param (in the `title` of the user input) and use this name here so that users can find the same text

#### Per Exchange Profile Portfolio Ratio (`per_exchange_profile_portfolio_ratio`)

> The percentage of your total portfolio value to allocate to copying each exchange profile. This value is applied to each profile in the `exchange_profile_ids` list.

Reviewer: same here for "exchange_profile_ids", better using a UI element rather than the hidden json key

Set either parameter to `None` to disable that filter.

### Portfolio Allocation Validation

OctoBot automatically validates that your portfolio allocation is feasible:
- Total allocation = `per_exchange_profile_portfolio_ratio` × number of profiles
- This total must be ≤ 100%
- If validation fails, OctoBot will raise an error and prevent starting the trading mode

**Example validation**:
- 3 profiles × 35% each = 105% → **Invalid** (exceeds 100%)
- 3 profiles × 30% each = 90% → **Valid**
- 2 profiles × 50% each = 100% → **Valid**

### Troubleshooting

**Issue**: "Distribution for all exchange profiles are not yet available"
- **Solution**: Wait for the Exchange Service Feed to provide data from all configured profiles. This is normal on startup.

**Issue**: "Total portfolio allocation exceeds 100%"
- **Solution**: Reduce `per_exchange_profile_portfolio_ratio` or reduce the number of profiles in `exchange_profile_ids`.

**Issue**: "Impossible to find the Exchange service feed"
- **Solution**: Ensure the Exchange Service Feed tentacle is installed and enabled in your OctoBot configuration.

> **Note**: Since Profile Copy Trading mode extends the Index Trading Mode, it also supports Index Trading Mode parameters such as `refresh_interval` and `rebalance_trigger_min_percent` for controlling portfolio rebalancing behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Since Profile Copy Trading mode extends the Index Trading Mode, it also supports Index Trading Mode parameters such as `Trigger period` and `Rebalance cap` for controlling portfolio rebalancing behavior.
```
